but the most beautiful of the sets in the
high flight is that of the east crow
extraordinarily strong corvitto
endowed with the indefatigable deals with
defend yourself by winning the bull you will also be
combat with two falcons in flight
combined
Here the struggle is able to power the
Rounds come out from the fist of the alcor
But behind their prey, they climb
Amazing way riding on the tail
as the ancients said to the school so
soon as the pilgrim dominates the
crow will start the attacks
repeated that will eventually lead to
land to the indefatigable and swift korn
this sequence that has been done in
a shot precisely in one day
foggy gives us a very clear idea
although the hawks are far small
in heaven in the grandeur of this
type of field
they are natural enemies of power to be able
the man puts very little if the crow is
strong can be saved if the hawks
they sell a lot
many times the catches take place at
kilometers away is
The use of binoculars from
long range and in our case of
big goals so that you
can continue hunting on televisions
high flight
the falcons use a technique
perfect
one of them tries to keep
will predominate the piece to get into the
claws of the other passed passed to van
tiring, they are approaching the ground
is where lan dominates her with more
ease
perfectly know both hawks the
combination in your glasses the places in
which must be placed to beat
the earth
the ante lasts many times more than one
quarter hour
and finally one of the hawks
grabbing the tip of nothing to the
larger crow and weighed it the same
the low to the ground
the other one will be quickly dropped
the components of the couplet for
share the holiday
and how the crows have the sharp beak
they are brave and can really do
damage to hawks run the
falconers to help their faithful
We update servers on the highest good
that in the shadow of the castles as in
the average age is still exercised in
the fields of spain